Docs/hold application until proxy starts (#1374)
kubeflow/kfserving: docs/samples/storage/s3/README.md

kubectl apply -f s3_secret.yaml
```

> Note: if you are running kfserving with istio sidecars enabled, there can be a race condition between the istio proxy being ready and the agent pulling models. This will result in a `tcp dial connection refused` error when the agent tries to download from s3. To resolve it, istio allows the blocking of other containers in a pod until the proxy container is ready. You can enabled this by setting `holdApplicationUntilProxyStarts: true` in istio-discovery (istiod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if you are running kfserving with istio sidecars enabled, there can be a race condition between the istio proxy being ready and the agent pulling models. This will result in a `tcp dial connection refused` error when the agent tries to download from s3. To resolve it, istio allows the blocking of other containers in a pod until the proxy container is ready. You can enabled this by setting `proxy.holdApplicationUntilProxyStarts: true` in `istio-sidecar-injector` configmap, `proxy.holdApplicationUntilProxyStarts` flag  was introduced in Istio 1.7 as an experimental feature and is turned off by default.
```
